The Amazing ideas group's website is designed to allow users to create a project idea, and then submit it on to a publicly available
page where they can be viewed in detail. This will be useful for categorizing projects / project ideas for ease of understanding,
and it will also provide a more streamlined way for the Software Engineering class to display projects new teams may undertake.

Johnathan needed an idea for his computer science capstone project. He checked the database for previous project, and took inspiration from a graduate who built a website to document wildlife sightings. He referenced that project's code to build a miniature social network that encouraged its users to post wildlife photos, effectively crowdsourcing wildlife data gathering. This became a valuable tool for environmental researchers interested in monitoring the population of local wildlife.

Bill is a highschool senior and looking for a college to continue his studies at. After college he hopes to persue a masters degree and even a PHD. Knowing all of this, it is important to bill that the school he attends has a strong project focused cirriculum. This website through etown could be a very compelling selling point to try and get bill to attend Elizabethtown College.

Dave is a student in the database systems class, and he is unsure of what to do as a project, he is hoping he can find something that would be interesting to him, and also fit in his particular field. The Amazing ideas website provided him with the ability to search for and compare different projects that have either already been done, or available for continuation.

Steve is a college professor who wanted to save his student's previous computer science projects as examples for his future students. He went to the database and began sumbitting his previous student's projects. For his future students, he wanted them to access those projects and their code so they could rework it for their own projects or to help give them ideas for newer projects. That way, if a student wanted to improve upon a previous project idea, they would be able to see the code the previous student used, and attempt to rework it or, if it gives them a similiar idea to their new one, that student could reference the original project that inspired them as a way to help them with doing their project. 